---
author: 'bineshafza'
layout: post
title: My Small Acheivements
date: 2019-06-01 00:00:00 +0330
cover: "/assets/images/posts/Blog-My-Small-Achievements.png"
tags:
- Blog

---

I was asked this weekend what I have achieved in my life.
 What I have to show. My answer is “Wisdom”. Some people make lots of money, some people gain success, levels of success. The list can start from becoming the best player in NBA, to being the C.E.O of a relatively famous company, to becoming a famous writer. I preferred wisdom over all these. In all moments that I could become a writer or poet by practicing and working hard a dilemma would rise. The only reason to want to become a successful anything is ego. I had to believe I’m more important than wisdom, and I never did. Rich people get rich because they believe money is more important than them. I mean many of people stop trying to make money when they have “enough” to have a comfortable life. Only the “greedy” ones go on making more money and they are judged by the self-loving lazy mass. In the world of wisdom, I have realized that most people want just enough, to make their lives better, and if wisdom gets in the way of their likes and dislikes, or their comfort, they no longer want it. Some others want wisdom as a tool for other enterprises. So any wisdom that won’t benefit their goals won’t matter. If a person who has some million dollars can call himself rich, I’m positive I am wise, and that would be enough for me to believe that I have had levels of achievement in my life. You know the difference between wise people and success-based people is that they believe Socrates is great despite the fact that Plato made him famous. He would be as great if no one ever knew him. Gandhi is great despite the fact that he defeated England. He would have been as great if he had lost or been killed and had not changed anything in India. Now , getting back to the point, I don’t even believe that wisdom is my greatest achievement, I believe my greatest achievement is sharing my wisdom with others without any judgement. There were people I knew that won’t get what I say, but I talked to them anyway, not allowing myself to judge them. There were people which I realized would manipulate wisdom but I shared my wisdom with them anyway. I have friends with whom I have been sharing my wisdom for many years. Some , I realized will never prefer wisdom over themselves, the ones who always accused me of wasting my time talking to “stupid” people. Some I see that they are walking the path of wisdom and have passed the stage of caring about themselves. To the first group, I have always tried to say that if they are not going to kill their “self” they need to at least get more flexible, less anal. My hope is that my friends will pass me and eventually get wiser than me. That would be my greatest achievement. I have always thought this is my hope because I am a teacher by nature. Today morning I realized the real reason is that I am a romantic. Love has always been more important than wisdom for me. I have always tried to sugarcoat wisdom and have been careful not to hurt people while conveying wisdom. I only let wisdom hurt a person when I truly care about him or her. The more I have loved a person the more I have hurt him or her by sharing my wisdom. Because I believe wisdom is the best thing in the world I have been okay with pushing it on people I love. I know this is the wisest thing to do. But does that make me a good lover or a horrible one? That is a question you should answer. Because I am a romantic, I do care to be the perfect lover more than doing the wisest thing.